README.md, before:

# What is this thing?

This prototype web app makes it easy to find, browse and easily follow academic researchers on Mastodon.

## Where does the data come from?

The wonderful [Academics of Mastodon](https://nathanlesage.github.io/academics-on-mastodon/) site contains links to a variety of lists of academics in different disciplines. Because many of the lists are based on the [List of Sociologists](https://trutzig89182.github.io/Mastodon-Sociologists/) maintained by [David Adler](https://social.tchncs.de/@perspektivbrocken) et al. it was possible to combine them. For this prototype, the data is just loaded into your web browser. A later version will store it in an online database.

## How do I add myself, or update my info?

You can't do that here, yet. For now, if you want to be on these lists, use the list of data sources below or head on over to [Academics of Mastodon](https://nathanlesage.github.io/academics-on-mastodon/) for the full list of disciplines. I'm reaching out to the folks who own those lists to see if we can work out a way to manage them cooperatively.

## Are you planning to add more academic disciplines?

Yes, assuming people approve, I'd like to do that right after I allow people to add and update their own information.

## Who built this?

[Mark Igra](https://sciences.social/@markigra), the founder of [sciences.social](https://sciences.social/about) built this over winter break 2022. I welcome comments and suggestions. The code (such as it is) is on github.

## Shouldn't he have been working on his PhD instead?

Yes, that is a frequently asked question.

# Building the project

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

THe main difference between building this app and a standard react app is that you need
to retrieve the current data from the sources, as I don't duplicate it here. After the usual
`npm install` step you need to do.

## `npm run getdata`

After that, you can run the standard scripts described below.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)

Commit message:

Lazy load csv files, add list attribution

README.md, after:

# What is this thing?

This prototype web app makes it easy to find, browse and easily follow academic researchers on Mastodon.

## Where does the data come from?

The wonderful [Academics of Mastodon](https://nathanlesage.github.io/academics-on-mastodon/) site contains links to a variety of lists of academics in different disciplines. Because many of the lists are based on the [List of Sociologists](https://trutzig89182.github.io/Mastodon-Sociologists/) maintained by [David Adler](https://social.tchncs.de/@perspektivbrocken) et al. this app can read the csv files. 
This application does not rely on a centralized database at this time. 

## How do I add myself, or update my info?

You can't do that here, yet. For now, if you want to be on these lists, use the list of data sources below or head on over to [Academics of Mastodon](https://nathanlesage.github.io/academics-on-mastodon/) for the full list of disciplines. I'm reaching out to the folks who own those lists to see if we can work out a way to manage them cooperatively.

## Are you planning to add more academic disciplines?

Yes, assuming people approve. Contact me if you have an existing list to add, or if you want to add a new discipline.

## Who built this?

[Mark Igra](https://sciences.social/@markigra), the founder of [sciences.social](https://sciences.social/about) built this over winter break 2022. I welcome comments and suggestions. The code (such as it is) is on github.

## Shouldn't he have been working on his PhD instead?

Yes, that is a frequently asked question.

# Building the project

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).


## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)
